you're about to discover how your
Festival can get at least seven new
sponsors a lot faster without running
ads printing Flyers are relying on
others pretty exciting H I'm Liz and I'm
Pedro we're the founders of yishi and we
help music festivals around the world
get more sponsors and a lot more
attendees faster and easier using our
ibishi albot Network for the last 15
years I've been a musician and a music
producer in different festivals for
different artists like like Rob bar
Mexico Jazz Fest teimo rapan club and
clubs with Cass and others before I
share how it works let me briefly tell
you why you might not be able to do this
Sal the majority of festivals like
chimar land qu and Baha beach fest to
spend years and thousands on getting
people to become loyal fans smaller
festivals then help their resources or
the time to do this and there's a change
they never both this called following if
you don't want to be a festival but the
festival you need to focus and getting
attention a lot faster because that's
the only thing you really need now
imagine you got a team of experts that
are getting you new sponsors and the
only thing you need to focus on is
making sure there's a good vibe sounds
nice right our Network consist of food
and beverage media music labels fashion
comedies and more all whom are looking
to be a part of the newest and most
exciting festivals we also focus on
optimizing the structure of the
sponsorship so you don't really need to
worry about what's going to happen next
year by paring with us you'll be able to
grow smoother way faster and easier
we'll constantly be by your side and
help you out so now think about it for a
moment it is better to do everything
yourself and spend time trying to make
it work or is it better to get well
experence them to do it for you if we
start working together I would just send
you a short form after you fill it out
we start adding our magic to your fesal
all you need to do is click on the big
blue bot below this video and pencil in
a time for a quick call there's really
no obligation we just want to help the
coolest festivals grow and become icons
way quicker we hope to see you soon this
week or maybe next week don't forget to
bottom below